Questions

1- How can we have ClassA inherit from ClassB?
    a) class ClassA inherits ClassB
    *b) class ClassA extends ClassB
    c) class ClassA : ClassB
    d) class ClassA implements ClassB


2- What will be printed on the console and why?
            var point1 = new Point(1, 2);
            var point2 = new Point(1, 2);
            System.out.println(point1.equals(point2));
    By default, the console will return false. The reason is because the .equals() method
    which is derived from the base Object class compares the references in memory. If the
    .equals() method is overridden with the @Override annotation, we can choose how we wish
    for this method to handle what we deem to be equality.


3- What does hashCode() method of the Object class return?
    The .hashCode() method returns an integer based on the object's memory address.


4- What is a default constructor?
    The default constructor acts as the main point of entry when we create an instance of
    an object and follows the format of `public ClassName() {}`.


5- How can we add a constructor to the Customer class?
    *a) public Customer(String name) { }
    b) public void Customer(String name) {}
    c) public Constructor(String name) {}
    d) public void Constructor(String name) {}


6- What is the super keyword?
    The super keyword refers to the base class.


7- What is the difference between private and protected access modifiers?
    Access modifiers determine the visibility of members of a class. Private members are
    restricted to the class so they're hidden from other classes. Protected is somewhat
    similar to private in that protected members are visible to other members within the
    same package but private outside of the package.


8- How accessible is a field or method if it’s declared without an access modifier?
    By default, if a field or method is declared without an access modifier, it's visible
    to other classes within the same package.


9- What is method overriding? How is it different from method overloading?
    Method overriding is when we override the logic for a method with the same signature from
    its base class. However, with method overloading, we are simply defining a method with the
    same name but a different signature, or the set of parameters so that we can use a different
    implementation.


10- What is the benefit of applying the @Override annotation when overriding a method?
    The @Override annotation simply lets the java compiler know that we are overriding the
    method of the base class. Also useful for syntax linting to ensure the method return type
    and signature is the same as the parent class.


11- The Customer class inherits from the User class. Can we pass a Customer object to this method? Why?
            public void print(User user) {}
    Since a Customer IS a User, if we pass in a Customer object to the print method, the print
    method signature is implicitly upcasting it to a User. If we need to access members of the
    Customer, we can use the instanceof operator to ensure the program does not crash when we
    execute logic that only applies to the Customer class.


12- What is the usage of the instanceof operator?
    We use the instanceof operator to return a boolean whether or not the left side of the
    operator, the object we are evaluating, is an instance of the class literal on the right side.


13- What are the four principles of object-oriented programming?
    In object-oriented programming, the for core principles are...
        1) Encapsulation, the idea of literally encapsulating any related members to the class
        2) Abstraction, handling the logic and hiding internal members within the class
        3) Inheritance, the concept of deriving from a parent class that encompasses
            commonality between its other sibling classes.
        4) Polymorphism, idea that a reference can be an instance of multiple class types.


14- When do we use abstract classes?
    We use abstract classes when the class shouldn't be instantiated as the concept of
    the class is too abstract.


15- Can we have an abstract class without any abstract methods?
    Yes, an abstract class does not necessarily need to contain abstract methods. If
    any of the classes are abstract, then the entire class has to be abstract however.


16- When do we use final classes?
    Final classes are used when we are completely certain that another class will never
    inherit it.


17- What is the diamond problem?
    The diamond problem is the concept where one class inherits from more than one class
    and you have methods in the super classes that have the same name and signature, the
    inheriting class would not be able to determine which implementation to use. It is
    ambiguous and it is a fundamental decision made to the Java language by its creators.


18- Does Java support multiple inheritance?
    No, as illustrated in the diamond problem, it was an issue that was avoided when
    the Java language was conceptualized.